---
title: "2026-04-18-Peter Steinberger 🦞-2045774481700815259"
author: "Peter Steinberger 🦞"
date: "2026-04-18 14:37"
isoDate: "2026-04-18T14:37:16.000Z"
source: "https://x.com/steipete/status/2045774481700815259"
tweetId: "2045774481700815259"
quotedTweet:
  author: "Hamel Husain"
  text: "Seriously stop everything you are doing and use codex desktop app new computer use.  Absolutely mind blowing"
---

# RT Hamel Husain: Lots of people asking what’s so good about the new codex desktop computer use. Here’s 5 things that come to mind 1. operate Mac App...

**@Peter Steinberger 🦞** · 2026-04-18 14:37

RT Hamel Husain
Lots of people asking what’s so good about the new codex desktop computer use.  Here’s 5 things that come to mind 

1. operate Mac Apps without a great API: Slack, Google Sheets, Notes, IMessage without installing separate plugins.  It instantly transforms all your apps into tools 

2. If you need to operate your browser more visually it works really smoothly and fast (good for sites that are still human centric)

3. It uses its own cursor, keyboard etc so you can keep working. 

4. Once you do any task once you can simply ask Codex to reflect on what it did and how it would accomplish the task next time with the benefit of hindsight and create a skill AND schedule an automation.  It’s really nice that codex can just schedule and edit automations when asked! it’s very Claw like in this way.  This last point is not computer use specific but is powerful when combined with computer use 

5. The UI polish is insane: you get nice icons for any application you want to tag   into computer use plus all the other built in new stuff like built in file viewer and browser so there is no context switching.  So you can iterate really fast and not lose focus.  Because of the polish it also feels nice and delightful to use.

> **@Hamel Husain**
> Seriously stop everything you are doing and use codex desktop app new computer use.  Absolutely mind blowing

---
Source: [Tweet](https://x.com/steipete/status/2045774481700815259)
