---
title: "2026-05-08-Jim Fan-2052758642781487237"
author: "Jim Fan"
date: "2026-05-08 14:32"
isoDate: "2026-05-08T14:32:53.000Z"
source: "https://x.com/DrJimFan/status/2052758642781487237"
tweetId: "2052758642781487237"
---

# I promise this will be the best 20 min you spend today! Robotics: Endgame, the sequel to my last year's Sequoia AI Ascent talk, "Physical Turing Test"...

**@Jim Fan** · 2026-05-08 14:32

I promise this will be the best 20 min you spend today! Robotics: Endgame, the sequel to my last year's Sequoia AI Ascent talk, "Physical Turing Test". I laid out the roadmap for solving Physical AGI as a simple parallel to the LLM success story. Be a good scientist, copy homework ;) 

And stay till the end, more easter eggs and predictions for your polymarket! 

00:30 DGX-1 origin story at OpenAI, I was there in 2016 signing with Jensen and Elon. Heading to the Computer History Museum! 
01:42 The Great Parallel
03:31 Robotics, the Endgame
03:39 Why VLAs fall short
04:32 Video world models as the 2nd pretraining paradigm
06:09 World Action Models (WAM)
07:46 Strategies for robot data collection and the FSD equivalent to physical data flywheel for robot manipulation
11:06 EgoScale and the Dexterity Scaling Law we discovered recently
14:00 Physical RL: bridging the last mile
15:39 DreamDojo: an end-to-end neural physics engine for scaling RL in silico 
17:00 Civilizational Technology Tree and my predictions for the near future. Spoiler: it's closer than you think. 

Thanks to my friends at Sequoia for inviting me back to AI Ascent this year! I had a blast! Last year's talk is attached in the thread if you missed it.

---
Source: [Tweet](https://x.com/DrJimFan/status/2052758642781487237)
